hey everybody the Yankee GI here with
another fixed bladed knife review these
are actually three throwing knives got
them off of amazon for pretty cheap
she's got some from a distributor called
trademark global i'm pretty sure they're
not the ones that actually made the
knives he seemed just basically a made
in china kind of knife you got the steal
their 440 stainless definitely used for
throwing there's really nothing else you
can use them for you can definitely
sharpen the edge and get a good edge on
it but that's not what their forts for
the sharpness of the tip so that way you
could throw them at something and have
them stick into it quality-wise there
then Ice Age definitely good strong
steel it'll where's the one here just
hanging it against crunk root you can
tell it's taken a couple I let's see it
and get that focus some a couple of
chunks off with the blade there right
there and up here some more there you go
I can get it to focus come on okay well
whatever they will they are a little
brittle but they work for throwing in
plywood cardboard or wherever you need
the weight is actually put a couple of
these down per second the weight it is
weighted pretty pretty well balanced to
just right there the weight of it it's
got a nice lightweight still got a good
good way for throwing it you got
different ways to throw you got the
standard rotation and then you got the
no spin way so the design of it it's got
a pretty what's called simple drop point
blade so good for third one lightweight
got no real handle guard but you don't
really need that at a throwing knife got
a sheath that came with it let me get
that out here
oh ok so here you go pretty standard
cloth you just put your belt through
their belt loop and you stick the three
knives in so you got you got one you got
two and you got three the only problem
is sometimes with that third one it'll
poke through because of the sharpness of
it for the money it's pretty nice
they're pretty cool-looking they're good
beginner knives I've only been throwing
for a while and I've been practicing
basically a weekend getting better and
better these are good nice for anyone
who is a beginner and don't want to
invest a lot of money into throwing
knives and just want to kind of give it
a try so there you go 440 stainless made
in China throwing knives good quality
good beginner knives and I'm sure sure
this is a good investment for anyone out
there it's definitely good if you will
want to try out throwing knives but
don't want to really spend a lot of
money just in case you get frustrated it
or you're not interested in longer so
there you go you got three comes with it
then you got the sheath right there so
that's about it as always on the Yankee
GI and leave any questions in the
comments below and have a nice day